Add module.md and update README with setup guide information (#5)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-discord: ballerina/Module.md

## module-balerinax-discord
[Discord](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360045138571-Beginner-s-Guide-to-Discord) is a popular communication platform designed for creating communities and facilitating real-time messaging, voice, and video interactions over the internet.

The `ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-discord` package offers APIs to connect and interact with the [Discord API](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference)

## Setup guide

> Follow these steps to create a discord developer account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have an Discord account, you can integrate the connector with your existing account. If not, you can create a new account by following the registration process. 
```

Author: The Readme and Module md files have been updated with the instructions to create a discord account

Reviewer: It seems you have added the account creation as another step including screenshots. So probably we can make it the 1st item under the setup guide steps. WDYT?

Author: Yeah, I decided to reformat the text so that the step 1 includes the instructions to login along with the information to create a new account along with links

## module-balerinax-discord
[Discord](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360045138571-Beginner-s-Guide-to-Discord) is a popular communication platform designed for creating communities and facilitating real-time messaging, voice, and video interactions over the internet.

> The ``Ballerina Discord connector`` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [Discord REST API v10](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina Discord connector offers APIs to connect and interact with the [Discord REST API v10](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference)
```

<img src= "https://github.com/HussainLatiff/module-ballerinax-discord/blob/main/docs/setup/resources/create-acc.png?raw=true">

Complete the account creation process by including the relavant information in the given fields.

### Step 1: Login to Discord Developer's Page

<img src="https://github.com/HussainLatiff/module-ballerinax-discord/blob/main/docs/setup/resources/discord-dev-page.png?raw=true">

Visit the [Discord website for developers](https://discord.com/login?redirect_to=%2Fdevelopers) by logging into your discord account. If you do not have a discord account register for one first.

### Step 2: Make a New Discord Application

<img src="https://github.com/HussainLatiff/module-ballerinax-discord/blob/main/docs/setup/resources/make-new-app.png?raw=true">

Once in the discord developer portal is open, click on the `New Application` button as displayed above to start the process.

### Step 3: Name the Discord Application 

<img src="https://github.com/HussainLatiff/module-ballerinax-discord/blob/main/docs/setup/resources/create-app.png?raw=true">

1. Proceed by giving the Discord Application a name and click on the terms of service.

> 2. Finally complete the naming process by clicking on the `next` button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Finally complete the naming process by clicking on the `next` button.
```

### Step 4: Obtain the Client ID and Client Secret

<img src="https://github.com/HussainLatiff/module-ballerinax-discord/blob/main/docs/setup/resources/obtain-client-id.png?raw=true">

Under the `OAuth2` section found on the left-sided list, locate the Client's Information as shown on the screen. To implement the functionalities provided by Discord's API, you will need the Client ID and Client Secret.

> 

Reviewer: Shall we include the `Quickstart` section with this same PR?

> 

Reviewer: Let's include the `Quickstart` section as well.

Author: Ack, Quick start information has been added

## Overview

[Discord](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360045138571-Beginner-s-Guide-to-Discord) is a popular communication platform designed for creating communities and facilitating real-time messaging, voice, and video interactions over the internet.

The Ballerina Discord connector offers APIs to connect and interact with the [Discord REST API v10](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference)

## Setup guide

> Follow these steps to create a discord developer account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina Discord connector offers APIs to connect and interact with the [Discord REST API v10](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference).

## Setup guide

Follow these steps to create a discord developer account.
```

> ### Step 1: Login to Discord Developer's Page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Login to Discord developer page
```

<img src="https://github.com/HussainLatiff/module-ballerinax-discord/blob/main/docs/setup/resources/discord-dev-page.png?raw=true">

> Visit the [Discord website for developers](https://discord.com/login?redirect_to=%2Fdevelopers) by logging into your discord account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [Discord developer portal](https://discord.com/login?redirect_to=%2Fdevelopers) by logging into your discord account. 
```

> If you do not have a discord account already, [**create** a new discord account](https://discord.com/login) by clicking on the `Register` hyperlink below the `Log In` button when opening the Discord Developer Page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have a Discord account already, [create a new discord account](https://discord.com/login) by clicking on the `Register` hyperlink below the `Log In` button when opening the Discord developer page.
```

<img src= "https://github.com/HussainLatiff/module-ballerinax-discord/blob/main/docs/setup/resources/create-acc.png?raw=true">

Complete the account creation process by including the relavant information in the given fields.

> ### Step 2: Make a New Discord Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Make a new Discord application
```

<img src="https://github.com/HussainLatiff/module-ballerinax-discord/blob/main/docs/setup/resources/make-new-app.png?raw=true">

> Once in the discord developer portal is open, click on the `New Application` button as displayed above to start the process.

Reviewer: Need to update all the similar places because Discord is a *proper noun*.
```suggestion
Once in the Discord developer portal is open, click on the `New Application` button as displayed above to start the process.
```

Reviewer: @HussainLatiff it seems this is not addressed yet as I still see the word `discord` within the documentation.

2. Finally complete the naming process by clicking on the `next` button.

### Step 4: Obtain the Client ID and Client Secret

<img src="https://github.com/HussainLatiff/module-ballerinax-discord/blob/main/docs/setup/resources/obtain-client-id.png?raw=true">

Under the `OAuth2` section found on the left-sided list, locate the Client's Information as shown on the screen. To implement the functionalities provided by Discord's API, you will need the Client ID and Client Secret.

## Quickstart

To use the `discord` connector in your Ballerina application, modify the `.bal` file as follows:

### Step 1: Import the module

Import the `discord` module.

```ballerina
import ballerinax/discord;
```

### Step 2: Instantiate a new connector

Create a `discord:ConnectionConfig` with the obtained OAuth2.0 Client Credentials and initialize the connector with it.

Apps must receive approval from users installing them to perform actions within Discord. To enable these functions, specific scopes must be defined. These scopes are outlined in the [OAuth2 Scopes documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/oauth2#shared-resources-oauth2-scopes).

```ballerina

> configurable string clientId = ?;
> configurable string clientSecret = ?;
> configurable string[] scopes = ?;
> 
> 
> discord:Client cl = check new({
>     auth: {
>             clientId,
>             clientSecret,
>             scopes
>         }
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configurable string clientId = ?;
configurable string clientSecret = ?;
configurable string[] scopes = ?;

discord:Client discord = check new({
    auth: {
            clientId,
            clientSecret,
            scopes
        }
});
```

```

### Step 3: Invoke the connector operation

> Now, utilize the available connector operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, utilize the available connector operations.
```

### Return linked third-party accounts of the user

```ballerina

>  var s = check cl->/users/\@me/connections();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ConnectedAccountResponse[] connectedAccounts = check cl->/users/\@me/connections();
```

        }
});
```

### Step 3: Invoke the connector operation
Now, utilize the available connector operations.

### Return linked third-party accounts of the user

```ballerina
 ConnectedAccountResponse[] connectedAccounts = check cl->/users/\@me/connections();
````

### Step 4: Run the Ballerina application

```bash
bal run

> ```

Reviewer: Why have we removed this?
